Privacy Policy
Updated: November 20 2020

　　 Thank you for using "Picture Stitching". We take user privacy very seriously. When you use our services, we hope to explain to you through this "Privacy Policy" that in accordance with the "Cyber ​​Security Law" and the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee "Network Security Practice Guide", combined with the actual functional requirements of this application, formulate and Explain the following user and privacy agreements:

1. Information we do not collect and collect

1.1 We do not collect personally identifiable information:

　　 We do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email, phone number, etc.

　　 We do not collect the address book, call history, text messages, schedule, and stored files on your mobile device.

　　 We do not collect information about the applications, services or websites you have used.

1.2 We may collect the following non-personally identifiable information:

　　 Your phone type, device model, device number, system version and other similar information.

　　Operation and log information generated when you use this application.

　　 You can choose to refuse when prompted by the system permission to prevent us from collecting such non-personally identifiable information.

1.3 About the purpose and scope of the third-party SDK usage:

    Apply statistical analysis to cheat protection

    Mobile advertising monitoring service
    
2. How we use the collected information

2.1 Personalized user experience: We may use your non-personally identifiable information to understand user behavior data, user composition and other trends.

2.2 Help develop new functions: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide, maintain, improve and modify applications and services, and develop new functions and services.

2.3 Except for the above two points, we will not use the information collected from you for any other purpose.

3. The risk of information leakage

3.1 We do not collect personal identification information such as your identity, so we will not disclose your personal identification information.

3.2 We may upload non-personally identifiable information to our trusted partners to obtain related services or support, such as advertisers or statistical analysts, but these partners will abide by this privacy policy and related privacy laws. We will not combine any non-personally identifiable information with personal information (for example, combining your name with your user device number).

4. Description of sensitive permissions used by this software

4.1 Location information

　　Our app does not have the permission to obtain the user's address location. We will not obtain the user's location information for any malicious purpose. We only use it to provide better services and improve user experience, such as providing personalized recommendations and search results. We do not save any user's location information.

4.2 Access photos, media and files on the device

　　 We need this permission only for downloading, saving and sharing pictures. We do not read or access any file information that has nothing to do with this application.

4.3 Device information and call status

　　 We do not read any other equipment and communication information such as mobile phone numbers, address books, phone records, text messages, etc.

5. Information collected by third parties

　　 We may provide some links to third-party websites in the app, and may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click to enter a third-party link, you may leave our applications and services. We will not collect your information, but cannot be responsible for the privacy policies of these third-party websites, regardless of whether these websites are associated with the software.

6. Information collected by third-party partners

We may cooperate with third-party advertising partners (including but not limited to Tencent, Baidu, etc.) to provide you with personalized and precise advertising services. These partners may collect hardware and software information, such as IP addresses, device IDs And type, device language, operating system, time zone, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device. We are not responsible for this information.

7. information security

　　 We take the protection of your information very seriously. We will not collect your personally identifiable information, so we will ensure the absolute security of your personal information; we will use administrative, physical, technical and other means to protect it, but limited by the current development status of the Internet industry, it may not be fully guaranteed Your non-personally identifiable information is accessed and used without authorization.

8. Sensitive Information

　　We will take certain measures to reject any sensitive information you send to us, such as ethnicity, politics, religious beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background, etc., and ask you not to actively search for and send these content.

9. Modification of privacy policy

　　 This privacy policy may be changed from time to time. We will provide you with update notifications based on specific circumstances. If you continue to use this application after the changes, it means you accept these changes.
